a single Latin American letter and music
up to take the shock or soon
there is nothing
camp rock is a movie will have a young girl late who always said that live
a music camp finally has the opportunity to
if any of them only
is lying about who fill up
to be able to be with the popular ones of the camp so to see it says that his
mom is a famous person
As well as which
work with last june
and it's excellent if we work together on your disk
she is a great friend
they like to act
yes, we participated in the tramontana that were going to form their most
some other things but it's really our generation
the beech holland
awarded in the film love the silver hopefully talk to save
the two characters are on the bench
that makes tours equal to our life
this character is obviously injured
although its that they have here
I do not want to spend the summer in any camp lots of fun
much
we both have to go to class in order to recognize michel 7 that connects
with them and that opens before her
in a connection it returns to Buenos Aires
It was not so difficult for me because my character is like a figure
it was fun
It was not even crazy I had a lot of fun doing
with life made in Latin America we are much more ignored, I am the one
villa starts we just want to say that we appreciate them thank you for supporting us